2020.2:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 2)
 * General: Added ctl_an_reset signal with AXI4 register write to provide the soft reset to ANLT module
 * General: Added new US+ devices support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.1.1:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 1)
 * General: Added new US+ devices support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.1:
 * Version 3.1
 * Bug Fix: Removed timing constraints from the OOC XDC
 * Bug Fix: Updated the watchdog timer logic
 * Bug Fix: Updated the CMAC core location for GTM Dual X0Y11
 * Bug Fix: Fixed the parallel AXI4-lite read-write issue
 * Feature Enhancement: Added 100GAUI4 - GTY / GTM_NRZ configuration support
 * Other: GT ports interface VLNV updated. Now it is same for board and part based design.
 * Other: Added the xil_dut_bypass module for GTM serial ports loopback in the example design test bench
 * Other: Updated with waivers in the XDC
 * Other: Added new US+ devices support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.2.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.2.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Feature Enhancement: Integrated the changes for the GTM subcore and sysmon timing fix update
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.2:
 * Version 3.0
 * Bug Fix: Updated the missing ANLT ctl ports with AXI4 lite config to the core
 * Bug Fix: Updated the axis_tx and axis_rx interfaces for TX OTN interface enabled configuration
 * Bug Fix: Updated the GT group selection for caui4 configuration for xcvu13p-flga2577 devices
 * Feature Enhancement: Integrated the changes for the GTM subcore
 * Other: Added new US+ devices support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.1.3:
 * Version 2.6 (Rev. 3)
 * Feature Enhancement: Integrated the changes for the GTM subcore
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.1.2:
 * Version 2.6 (Rev. 2)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added the sim integer ports for GTM with sv file support
 * Other: Added new US+ devices support

2019.1.1:
 * Version 2.6 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Updated the latest reset sequences from the GTM reset module for 100GAUI2 and CAUI4_GTM configuration
 * Bug Fix: Fixed the stat_rx_aligned and other stat_rx signals visibility for AXIS user interface configuration
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.1:
 * Version 2.6
 * Port Change: Added additional anlt ability ctl/stat ports
 * Bug Fix: Exposed ctl_tx_send_idle, ctl_tx_send_lfi, ctl_tx_send_rfi ports even with AXI4-lite enabled
 * Bug Fix: Updated regular expression for devices check
 * Bug Fix: Updated TX_DIFFCTRL values in the trans debug module
 * Feature Enhancement: Added CAUI4 - GTM_NRZ configuration support
 * Feature Enhancement: Added AXI Streaming User Interface support
 * Feature Enhancement: Added AXI4 lite statistics register enablement/disablement in the GUI
 * Other: Added new US+ devices support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 2.5
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 2.5
 * Bug Fix: Updated the SDMDATA in the GT common wrapper when the shared logic/GT in example design
 * Feature Enhancement: Added 100GAUI2 - GTM with KP4 FEC Transcode configuration support
 * Feature Enhancement: Added CAUI4 - GTM configuration support
 * Feature Enhancement: Added GT in example design option for ANLT enabled configuration
 * Other: Added new US+ devices support
 * Other: Added watchdog timer to reset the GT
 * Other: Updated the constraints declarations in the XDC to remove the XDCB-5 DRCs
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 2.4 (Rev. 3)
 * Port Change: Added user_reg0 port when AXI4-lite is enabled
 * Port Change: Enabled the gt_rxusrclk2 port for default option
 * Other: Added USER_REG0 register with address 0x00CC for user access
 * Other: Registered the tx_reset_done and rx_reset_done as these are the ouputs from the IP in case of Shared Logic in Example Design
 * Other: Added new US+ devices support
 * Other: Added XDC constraints for the tools not to optimize the AXI register map counters
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.1:
 * Version 2.4 (Rev. 2)
 * Port Change: Added gt_txpippmen and gt_txpippmsel input ports to the GT if Enable Additional GT Control/Status and DRP Ports is selected
 * Feature Enhancement: Added .h header file for AXI4 lite register information
 * Other: Updated the CMACE4 core location when RSFEC Transcode Bypass option is selected
 * Other: Moved the address space for ANLT STAT registers from 0x0758-0x0778 to 0x0258-0x0278. STAT_AN_STATUS, STAT_AN_ABILITY and STAT_AN_LINK_CTL registers are re-named to STAT_AN_STATUS_REG, STAT_AN_ABILITY_REG and STAT_AN_LINK_CTL_REG.
 * Other: Re-named few AXI4 registers in the register map. Please refer .h header file or PG203.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 2.4 (Rev. 1)
 * General: Added new Virtex US+ devices support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 2.4
 * Port Change: Updated the s_axi_pm_tick port to pm_tick
 * Feature Enhancement: Added TX OTN support for CAUI10 mode
 * Feature Enhancement: Added AXI4-Lite support for AN/LT configuration
 * Feature Enhancement: Added IPI board support for VCU118 board
 * Other: Support for streaming continuous packets instead of just a burst in example design
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 2.3
 * Port Change: Added gt_powergood, tx_preamblein and rx_preambleout signals access to user
 * Port Change: Added ctl_an_fec_25g_rs_request signal when ANLT enabled
 * Feature Enhancement: Enabled AXI4-Lite Interface support for TX OTN Configuration
 * Other: Kintex/Zynq US+ -1/-1L devices support for 25G line rate
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.1:
 * Version 2.2
 * Port Change: Added axi_switch_caui_mode output port for runtime switchable with axi4 lite enabled
 * Port Change: Added gt_ref_clk_out output port for GT subcore in core
 * Port Change: Added ANLT ports when ANLT is enabled
 * Port Change: Added TX OTN ctl and stat ports when enabled
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for GT refclk 156.25MHz and 312.5MHz for CAUI4 line rate
 * Feature Enhancement: Added IPI Designer Assistance support
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for optional AN/LT reduced size
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support Tx OTN Mapping mode option with and without client monitoring
 * Feature Enhancement: Added RSFEC support for runtime switchable mode
 * Other: Clocking mode is selected as Asynchronous and greyed out
 * Other: Virtex US+ -1/-1L devices support for 25G line rate
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 2.1
 * Port Change: Changed the axi_gt_loopback signal to ctl_gt_loopback
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for TX Interpacket Gap (IPG) value parameter configuration in GUI
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 2.0
 * Port Change: gtwiz_reset_tx_datapath and gtwiz_reset_rx_datapath ports are available by default
 * Port Change: Added gt_txinhibit input port to the GT if Enable Additional GT Control/Status and DRP Ports is selected
 * Port Change: Added IO ports for GT out of core feature support
 * Feature Enhancement: GT out of core feature support
 * Feature Enhancement: Enabled RX GT buffer bypass Single-lane mode
 * Other: Added support for xcvu11p-fsgd2104, xcvu13p-figd2104, xcvu9p-fsgd2104 devices
 * Other: Standard DRP interface vlnv used for DRP ports for IPI design
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Updated the trans debug module with new GT DRP registers for runtime switch as per 2016.2
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 1.0
 * Initial release
 * Changes to HDL library management to support Vivado IP simulation library

(c) Copyright 2016 - 2020 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
